it's week six of things football and
you're watching the couch thanks for
tuning in make sure you guys check out
the website for weekly IDP articles as
well as fantasy basketball articles that
are going to be coming out real soon
matter of fact we're going to be posting
the rankings today so check that out
let's go and see what we have on Twitter
land I need help need a running back to
replace Ryan Williams can you rate these
Jacquizz Rodgers Kendall Hunter blah
blah blah it's a PPR League okay if
you're desperate for a running back I
rent these guys in the order of how I
think they're going to do for the rest
of the season so this is long-term I
have Jane starts now he's going up
against Houston which is a bad matchup
for this week Kendall Hunter is up there
at the top of the list because if Frank
Gore gets hurt expect a lot of good
production out of him Alex screen should
be the feature back on the Packers as of
now but there's a good chance starts may
take over and again he is a bad start as
well for week six as they face Houston
Jacquizz Rodgers is a good pickup if you
need a bye week start for week six as
they face a terrible Raiders defense
John Coon is on this list and remember
this is a list for for desperate running
back pickups because he's going to get
five six seven touchdown this season now
is for the Arizona Cardinals running
backs there's some potential here but my
prediction is that they're all going to
be terrible I don't see the Cardinals
having a high-powered offense so I don't
like any of these guys but if you had to
pick one I to go with William Powell
they face Buffalo and he's a decent star
for week 6 and a fun little fact i found
out that Lt that's right ladainian
Thomas and his own din more leagues and
the other two Cardinals running backs
here are some good white house to pick
up in deep leagues Josh Gordon on the
Cleveland Browns expect a lot of
inconsistency there but if you need a
wide receiver he should be out there now
the Seahawks don't have a great passing
game but expect Golden Tate to get his
targets over there in Seattle these are
the two best waiver wire pickups believe
it or not for week six we have the
Buccaneers defense they play the chiefs
week six
like them to get a lot of fantasy points
and the bengals defense they play
Cleveland expect them to put up good
numbers as well now on to our roto node
calm question of the week I desperately
need some help with my team I'm falling
apart with injuries and such I need some
advice on what moves and trades to help
make my team better here's my team I
don't know who to play a quarterback
each weeks and Stafford has been
struggling and my running back situation
is a mess any advice thanks for the help
even though you have a messy running
back situation a messy quarterback
situation you want to stay positive here
do not panic and look into the future
now you can make this work you have a
good tight end the best tight end as of
now you have decent wide receivers what
I would do and this will make your team
better right off the bat is the trade
Megatron now aim to get a good running
back if not even a good quarterback that
will help your team so do that let me
know how your team does afterwards and
best of luck to you that's all the time
we have for this week make sure you
check out our next video and follow us
on Twitter and Instagram